okay let's see i want to go to a thai restaurant .  with less than ten dollars per person
     i like to eat at lunch time . so that would be eleven a__m to one p__m
i don't want to walk for more than five minutes
tell me more about the  na- nakapan  restaurant on martin luther king
i like to go to a hamburger restaurant
let's start again
i like to get a hamburger at an american restaurant
i'd like to eat dinner . and i don't mind walking  . for half an hour
i don't want to spend more than  ten dollars for a hamburger
        tell me more about the two barbecue restaurants you listed
tell me about everett and jones barbecue flint's barbecue and the thai barbecue please
where's the best place to get soup in berkeley
where's the best place to get soup in berkeley for lunch for under ten dollars .  with a ten minute walk
what types of food do you understand
i want indian food and i have chuck's car so i can drive in but i only want to drive for ten minutes and i only want to pay five dollars
what about the indian cafe . can you give me information about that
tell me about pasand's
 tell me about moe's burgers
a cheap restaurant near by that serves meat
like to eat pork or beef
bacon and eggs . or breakfast
more information about addison annex
yeah i'd like to go out for some thai food  not too expensive
 how about six p__m
make it walking distance
tell me about the thai barbecue place
yeah i'm looking for a vegetarian place that's open on wednesday
 i'll s- i'll spend a lot of money this time
doesn't matter how far
tell me about the long life vegi house
i would like to eat american food or mexican food
i would like to  eat lunch today
i would like to have lunch
 i don't want to spend a lot of money  so something fairly cheap would be good
i wanna eat someplace that's close to i__c__s__i
i want to eat  italian
  i don't mind spending a lot of money but     i don't wanna go someplace cheap i guess middle range would be good
 i don't mind  having to drive someplace doesn't have to be close to i__c__s__i
i need to find a  place to eat  for next  saturday
i'd like to eat  italian food  or american food either one
 i want  a restaurant where i can get some lunch  tomorrow
i'd like to find something that's fairly cheap
 i'd like something that's  within walking distance of i__c__s__i
is there anything cheaper than that
i want to find a inexpensive place to eat dinner
i think i would like to eat some vegetarian food
i would also  in addition to vegetarian i would also like to try to see if i can find some mexican food
i want to find some place that's fairly close to i__c__s__i
can you give me some more information on manuel's
i want to find a really nice place to eat lunch next wednesday
i want to eat either french food california food or italian food
i have a car so the distance is not important
can you give me some more information on skates
can you show me  the list of restaurants again
i'd like to see some more information on augusta's
can i see the original list again
please tell me more about fourth street grill
a-la-carte . addison annex . amaru . arinell pizza . augusta's
ay-caramba . berkeley thai house . bette's ocean view . blondie's pizza . blue nile
bombay cuisine . brennan's . brick hut cafe . brit-marie's . cactus taqueria
cafe fanny . cafe mar-mara . cafe pastoral . cafe vin . cafe violeta
caffe giovanni . caffe venezia . cambodiana's . casa-de-eva . casbah
cha-am . chez-panisse . chez-panisse cafe . christopher's cafe . claremont seafood
coffee renaissance . continental garden . daruma teashop . elmwood pharmacy . everett and jones barbecue
 fat slice pizza . fat apple's . flint's barbecue . fourth street grill . gertie's
gramma's inn . guerrero's . homemade cafe . hong-fu . hong-kong villa
international house cafe . joshu-ya . juan's place . juice bar collective . kip's
kirala . la mediterranee . la-val's . lalime's . lococo's restaurant
lilly's . long life vegi house maharani . manuel's . mario's la fiesta
 meal ticket . metropole . nadine's . omnivore . oriental food to go
panini . pasand madras cuisine . pepito's mexican deli . petrouchka . picante taqueria
plearn thai cuisine . rich potsticker . ristorante venezia . sandwiches a-go-go . saul's deli
shin-shin . siam cuisine . skates . soup kitchen heike . spenger's
stuffed inn . sujatha's . sushi-sho . taiwan restaurant . thai barbecue
 the milvia . the swallow . top dog . tsing-tao . vasiliki
vegi food . vietnam village . viva taqueria . westside bakery
won thai cuisine . yorkshire fish and chips . zachary's chicago
i'd like to eat some chinese food
i want to eat this afternoon
i want to spend no more than seven dollars
i want to travel no more than three blocks
i'd like to eat some italian food
i'd like to eat monday afternoon
i'd like to spend no more than fifty dollars
 i'd like to travel no more than twenty blocks
when is caffe venezia open during the day
i'd like to eat some mexican food today and i'd like to spend no more than . forty dollars
 i'd like to eat mexican food today
i'd like to spend no more than one hundred dollars
 i'd like to go to a restaurant that is not fast food
  i'd like to
i'd like to travel no more than twenty minutes
 where is  cactus taqueria located.